content/support.md, before:

---
title: "Support"
date: 2020-03-01T16:09:45-04:00
headline: > 
  Support for <span class="white">Eclipse 4diac™</span>
hide_page_title: true
page_css_file: /4diac/css/support.css
hide_breadcrumb: true
#tagline: "abc"
#hide_sidebar: true
#show_featured_story: true
#layout: "single"
#links: [[href: "/projects/", text: "Projects"],[href: "/org/workinggroups/", text: "Working Group"],[href: "/membership/", text: "Members"],[href: "/org/value", text: "Business Value"]]
#container: "container-fluid"
---

# Communication Channels
{{< supportCards useMatchHeight="true" source="cardsSupport" containerClass="col-sm-8">}}

# Background
In order to understand the modelling concepts used in Eclipse 4diac™ it is advisable to get familiar with the IEC 61499 reference model. The following resources provide more information about the IEC 61499 concept and the Eclipse 4diac™ implementation:
- [Wikipedia article on IEC 61499](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEC_61499)
- [Introduction to IEC 61499 in the Eclipse 4diac documentation](/4diac/documentation)
- [Modelling Control Systems Using IEC 61499 by Robert W. Lewis and Alois Zoitl](https://digital-library.theiet.org/content/books/ce/pbce095e)
- [Real-Time Execution for IEC 61499 by Alois Zoitl](https://www.isa.org/products/real-time-execution-for-iec-61499)
- [Distributed Control Applications by Alois Zoitl and Thomas Strasser](https://www.crcpress.com/Distributed-Control-Applications-Guidelines-Design-Patterns-and-Application/Zoitl-Strasser/9781482259056)

Commit message:

Added discussion section to support and link in main menu

content/support.md, after:

---
title: "Support"
date: 2020-03-01T16:09:45-04:00
headline: > 
  Support for <span class="white">Eclipse 4diac™</span>
hide_page_title: true
page_css_file: /4diac/css/support.css
hide_breadcrumb: true
#tagline: "abc"
#hide_sidebar: true
#show_featured_story: true
#layout: "single"
#links: [[href: "/projects/", text: "Projects"],[href: "/org/workinggroups/", text: "Working Group"],[href: "/membership/", text: "Members"],[href: "/org/value", text: "Business Value"]]
#container: "container-fluid"
---

# Communication Channels
{{< supportCards useMatchHeight="true" source="cardsSupport" containerClass="col-sm-8">}}

# Q&A / Discussions {#discussions}
You can also ask questions and join discussions on our GitHub repositories. 
In order to focus the discussions and make them better navigable and explorable each Eclipse 4diac component has its own discussion space:

- **[4diac IDE Discussions](https://github.com/eclipse-4diac/4diac-ide/discussions)**
- **[4diac FORTE Discussions](https://github.com/eclipse-4diac/4diac-forte/discussions)**
- **[4diac FBE Discussions](https://github.com/eclipse-4diac/4diac-fbe/discussions)**
- **[4diac Documentation Discussions](https://github.com/eclipse-4diac/4diac-documentation/discussions)**

# Background
In order to understand the modelling concepts used in Eclipse 4diac™ it is advisable to get familiar with the IEC 61499 reference model. The following resources provide more information about the IEC 61499 concept and the Eclipse 4diac™ implementation:
- [Wikipedia article on IEC 61499](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEC_61499)
- [Introduction to IEC 61499 in the Eclipse 4diac documentation](/4diac/documentation)
- [Modelling Control Systems Using IEC 61499 by Robert W. Lewis and Alois Zoitl](https://digital-library.theiet.org/content/books/ce/pbce095e)
- [Real-Time Execution for IEC 61499 by Alois Zoitl](https://www.isa.org/products/real-time-execution-for-iec-61499)
- [Distributed Control Applications by Alois Zoitl and Thomas Strasser](https://www.crcpress.com/Distributed-Control-Applications-Guidelines-Design-Patterns-and-Application/Zoitl-Strasser/9781482259056)
